Good morning, guys. It's Sid, and
welcome back.
>> [music]
[music]
>> Yesterday, I was trying to think of
videos, and I was like, "What do you
guys even want to see from me now?" I
would say like the one of the top
comments was asking for like what I eat
in a day videos and just like healthy,
easy recipes. And I'm kind of honored,
all right? I'm like a little flattered
that you guys think I'm that much of a
chef now. I like to consider myself a
lazy girl chef. I don't love to be in
the kitchen for hours on end. I just
want to make something that's good and
healthy, balanced, and just clean
without like taking forever. The past
year, I've kind of gathered a few
recipes of things that I really like.
So, I'm going to share them with you
guys. Over the next few days, I'm going
to do like a little what I eat. I get
really obsessed with something. When I
find a recipe that I like, it's over for
the next 3 months. I will be eating that
on repeat every single day until I hate
it like deep in my bones and I never
want to eat it again. The current thing
that I'm eating for breakfast, well, I'm
actually drinking, is my favorite
smoothie. When I tell you guys I think I
have the best smoothie recipe, I really
mean it. Let's get the ingredients out.
I freeze my bananas. So, I add about a
full banana.
I add a good handful of frozen [music]
strawberries.
I add about, I want to say half a cup of
Greek yogurt.
I add stevia doll protein powder. I love
this one by Orgain. Oh, no, I forgot I'm
out. I ordered some on Amazon, though.
Maybe Oh, it's here.
>> [music]
>> I'm adding two scoops, which is like a
full serving of this protein powder.
>> [music]
>> 1 Tbsp of peanut butter. I like to add a
little bit of vanilla extract.
>> [music]
>> Quite a good amount of milk. And then
lastly, what I think makes this so good
are cacao nibs. So, these add like a
little bit of crunch. I really just like
the texture of them. I remember I went
to a smoothie bar once, and they did
this, and that is what inspired me to
add them to my own. So,
if I add space, one ice cube. I'm saying
one because these are like ginormous ice
cubes. And that is everything in my
smoothie. So, just blend it up. [music]
>> [music]
>> And that's it. That's my smoothie
recipe, guys. I really hope one person
makes this and tells me just like your
honest feedback, because I think it's so
good. My boyfriend also really loves
this. So, sometimes I'll make this for
both of us. As you can see, this makes
like two full servings. You can see the
little cacao nibs in there. It just
feels like I'm like eating something at
the same time, and I just feel so
satiated after having this, which for me
is the biggest thing. I don't want to
like drink something like this and then
be hungry an hour later. I'm just going
to plan for my day on my laptop. I like
to do this when I have my smoothie. I'm
just like write my whole to-do list in
the morning cuz I get sort of distracted
and I need to know exactly what I need
to do for the day.
>> [music]
[music]
>> I'm back at my favorite coffee shop.
What's happened is I've built a bit of a
rapport here. I have my friends, the
baristas. I have my punch card. I'm a
loyal member. I don't mess around. I
like their coffee, so I come here
because I like to get out [music] of the
house, you guys know, when I work. And I
do get a lot of questions of people
rightfully asking like, "What are you
even doing when you say that you're like
working on your laptop? What does this
entail?" It depends. Sometimes I'm
editing a YouTube video or I'm working
on a campaign for a brand or something,
but I also have a jewelry brand, which
takes up a lot of my time. If anyone out
there is also a small business owner,
you know how much time goes into it, and
it's all fun for me. Like I doesn't even
feel like I'm really working. For
example, we're having a shoot for our
next campaign on Thursday. So, I need to
plan that with the photographer. We have
the shoot location booked and the model
and everything, but there's just like a
couple last-minute things that I need to
work on for that. So, that is why I'm
here. I usually camp out here for quite
a while. A good 3, 4 hours. My recent
coffee order has been pretty much the
same, an iced vanilla latte with skim
milk, but I try to ask for half of the
vanilla, just because I'm trying to
slowly wean off sugar a little bit, at
least just do my best. I am addicted.
So, yeah, I'm just going to work for a
little bit. I might have a little snack.
I brought my Chomps stick.
>> [music]
[music]
>> I'm back home now. I ended up shooting a
little campaign with my roommate, so
that's why I did my makeup if you
noticed. One of my friends has a bakery,
[music] and she gave this to me. There
is nothing better than fresh sourdough.
Whenever I have a loaf, I just like want
to use it up. By the way, I'm trying to
figure out how to make good sourdough.
So, if you have any um tips, let me
know. I don't have a ton of stuff in my
fridge. I think I need to run to the
grocery store, but I have avocado and I
have eggs, so I think I'm just going to
[music] throw together some avocado
toast. Pretty simple, but it's going to
be amazing because of this bread.
>> [music]
>> I don't have a toaster for some reason,
which poses its inconveniences, but I do
have an air fryer.
>> [music]
[music]
>> I wasn't super hungry, but I did want to
have something. I do think I have also
I'm really making this seem like a
science, but I feel like I have
perfected my avocado toast. I have had
two different people, I'm realizing it's
like my friend and my mom, tell me that
they love my avocado [laughter] toast.
So, I'll take it. I'll take what I can
get. I did copy the Brandy Melville Cafe
on this. They made their avocado toast
with honey. That to me was something I'd
never thought of, and ever since then,
[music]
I put honey on my avocado toast. But
this time I did hot honey. Sometimes
I'll do that. It's fun to switch it up.
And of course, you need everything bagel
seasoning, too. It's kind of it.
>> [music]
>> Anyways, I'm going to head to the gym.
[music]
>> I made it back home from my workout
about an hour ago. I still haven't
changed. That's kind of disgusting. I'm
honestly probably going to start making
dinner soon, but I know it's going to be
a process, and I just can't wait. So,
I'm going to have a little snack. I have
Chomps all the time, so I was so excited
when Chomps asked to work with me. I
have one of these in my purse pretty
much at all times now. They don't have
to be refrigerated, and it doesn't take
any prep at all. They're just so easy
and quick for me, especially cuz I'm
gone a lot or I'm on the go, I'm
shooting something, I'm working on
Ophelia. I like these are just so
convenient, but they're still I feel so
good eating them. I love that they have
0 g of sugar and 10 g of protein. And
they're also great quality because
they're grass-fed and finished. They
also have Chomplings, which I bring a
lot, too. They're like the mini version
of this. These are just my go-to. I
mean, this is my second of the day, so
you can probably already tell how much I
love them. I was also so happy because
they gave me a code for you guys. So, if
you want 15% off your order plus free
shipping, you can go to
chomps.com/sid15.
I'll put the link in the description or
I'll also put a QR code like on the
screen. And you can get a little deal,
grab some Chomps for yourself. Thanks
again to Chomps for working with me. I
I'm so happy to work with them. I just
like love their stuff. That is going to
hold me over till dinner now, so I'm
going to start cooking. Me and my
roommate I think are going to make
little bowls for us. Olivia and I both
have addictive personalities. We, you
know, we get stuck on the same meal. So,
one of our like current three rotations
that we have pretty much every week are
these quinoa chicken bowls. I made them
a few times on here. They're just so
easy, and I think the key, though, is
having a white sweet potato. I don't
know what about them are so good,
especially how much better I think they
are than regular sweet potatoes, but
this with some cinnamon and olive oil
tossed together roasted in the oven is
just so good. Are we adding tzatziki to
this? Yeah, I am.
Okay, perfect. Olivia and I have our own
duties. Uh she's on chicken duty
usually. I'm on quinoa and sweet potato
duty, so it makes it so much easier,
too, when you cook like with your friend
or roommate, [snorts] because making two
quantities of something is just so much
easier than like making something for
one person.
>> [music]
>> For the salad, sir. Hey, guys.
>> [laughter]
>> Okay.
The best part about this meal is making
it with my roommate. It's so fun. It's
kind of like our time to catch up during
the week. We start by chopping up the
one white sweet [music] potato. Coat it
in a good amount of olive oil and
cinnamon. I'm going to put our little
recipe in the description, by the way.
While the sweet potatoes are roasting, I
start chopping up the zucchini. Coat it
in olive oil, salt. I add those in to
roast them as well. Chop up some cherry
tomatoes, and then pretty much start
assembling everything. We put the quinoa
in, spinach, [music] cherry tomatoes
chopped up, avocado, some chicken that
we baked in the air fryer, and then our
potatoes, zucchini, and of course,
tzatziki, [music] which is what makes
this so good and kind of just like come
together.
All right, guys, dinner's ready. We made
our bowls. It's going to be amazing. Per
usual. It took us a little longer this
time. We made it.
>> in the road. Mhm. These are our bowls.
We're going to watch something on
Netflix, probably like a crime
documentary.
>> [music]
>> Good morning. I'm making my same
smoothie again.
>> [music]
>> This is the only way that I know how to
start my morning now. I go to [music]
bed thinking about waking up to drink
this. That's when you know you're
[music] in too deep.
This is not the meal I'm the most proud
of. I was out and about. I was working.
So, I just picked up this [music]
chicken wrap with rice, tomato. Some
days are just like this. It's all about
balance. Hey guys, long time no see.
I've been drinking this Core Power
shake. I do love these, by the way. So
good. I'm going to make dinner now. I
have, you know, about three in rotation.
This is probably my number one like
consistent go-to over the past couple
years. And they're my favorite taco
bowls. They're so good, so easy. I can
probably finish cooking this in around
25 minutes.
>> [music]
>> I love my jasmine rice. So, I'm going to
start by boiling this.
>> [music]
>> It was really devastating at the grocery
store because they didn't have
pre-chopped onions, which is like the
one thing that I really I'll spend the
extra money on. I hate chopping onions
and I hate chopping, honestly, a lot of
vegetables. Pre-chopped just like makes
my life 10 times easier. But, you know
what? I can live with it. We're going
in.
>> [music]
>> I don't think he's doing anything.
Watching this back is a bit painful.
Like, why am I this dramatic? I start by
making my guac. This is what makes this
meal so good, in my opinion. After I
chop up my onion and tomato, I throw
them in a bowl with one ripe avocado. I
add fresh lime juice and cilantro. I
know some people think cilantro tastes
like [music] soap, which every time I
eat it, I think about that. I just like
feel bad for those people. Obviously, I
add some salt. You can kind of do this
to taste. You know, add as many tomatoes
as you want, onion. After I like to cook
my ground beef, I usually get the lean
ground beef and I also add in a packet
of taco seasoning. A little hack. It's
so good and so easy. And then I start to
assemble the taco bowl, starting with
shredded iceberg lettuce. Pre-shredded,
of course, if you're lazy like me. I add
the rice, the ground beef, the guac that
I made, and some cheese. You can kind of
add just like whatever you would like in
your taco bowl.
>> [music]
>> The more that you make something, the
easier it is because then you know like
the shortcuts. You know like what to
start first. So, this luckily doesn't
take me too long. Usually, I like to
have like tortilla chips on the side or
something with the guac, but this is
just like foolproof. I feel like you
can't really mess up making this. It's
pretty straightforward. Well,
I did burn the rice one time. We also
need to talk about something. I've been
getting hate, okay? I've been getting a
lot of hate and it's been heavy on my
heart. People are hating on our
apartment. Um I know. I know
>> [gasps]
>> there's not a lot of color going on,
okay? That's why I have the candle. I
think I've just sort of learned that I
like more like a minimalist decor like
this. I like the dark walnuts, the
creams, the beiges. And you know what?
If that makes me boring,
then so be it. I just wanted to let you
guys know I have seen the comments. And
you know what? I'm sorry. Maybe for you
guys, I'll try to incorporate color
somehow. I have something that I have to
edit that was due 40 minutes ago. So,
I'm trying to edit this right now. And
then tomorrow morning, I have a shoot
for Ophelia. So, I'm also trying to like
prep that. It's already almost 9:00 p.m.
I feel like I have a long night ahead of
me, to be honest. Still got to eat a
good healthy meal.
>> [music]
[music]
>> Good morning, guys. I know it looks
messy in here. I also am wearing a
shirt. This morning, I woke up like 7:00
because we're doing a little shoot for
Ophelia, my jewelry brand. It's in
Brooklyn and we like rented a studio.
It's going to be me, the photographer,
the model, who actually is my roommate,
and my assistant. So, just getting ready
for that, which I'm so excited for. I'm
a little bit nervous, but mostly
excited. For breakfast, I just wanted
[music] to do something really quick
because I'm running like a little late.
These are the blueberry maple oats. I
got these at Whole Foods. You can get
them, I think, quite a few places. My
dad and I discovered these together on a
trip. Specifically, this flavor is the
best. And there's not too much sugar in
this. It's coconut sugar. I really like
them. Wish me luck.
>> [music]
[music]
>> Hey guys, update. I am done with the
shoot. It went so well. I am so excited
to see the photos. What I ate today so
far was not the best. I had pastries at
the shoot. I had my coffee and my
oatmeal. I think that's all I had. So, I
am very hungry, but I decided to go on a
little walk because it's so beautiful.
It's 70° outside. I feel like as I get
older, I appreciate the days that the
weather is good so much more than I used
to. Look how beautiful it is, guys. And
then I think I'm going to go out to
dinner tonight. My boyfriend and I are
going to go on a little dinner date. So,
I will keep you updated.
>> [music]
>> I did forget to vlog dinner. I'm sorry,
guys. I feel like the worst YouTuber at
these points.
>> [music]
>> We had such a nice dinner. It's always
nice like go out every once in a while.
I love some good pasta. I did want to
say I didn't show everything that I ate
in the span of these 3 days. I just
wanted to show the highlights of some of
my favorite recipes and try to keep it
real, too. You know, sometimes I go out
and grab stuff because [music] I'm just
in a rush, but I try my best. Love you
guys and I'll see you in my next video.
And I'll do outro next time. I promise.
Bye, guys.
>> [music]